Adding contest info and some helpful dev docs (#408)
Microsoft/pxt-arcade: docs/developer/sound.md

### Command: play tone

To play a frequency for a duration in ms:
```
!\d+,\d+
```

For example:
* `!262,500` (play frequency `262` Hz for `500` ms)

### Command: set envelope

To set the ADSR envelope for the played sounds:
```
@\d+,\d+,\d+,\d+
```

Where the numbers are:
1. "Attack" in ms
2. "Decay" in ms
3. "Sustain" volume (0-255)
4. "Release" in ms

For more information on envelopes, check the Wikipedia article [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Synthesizer#Attack_Decay_Sustain_Release_(ADSR)_envelope).

### Command: set waveform

To set the waveform for the generated notes:

```
~\d+
```

Where the number refers to one of the waveforms in the table below (see "Sound Instructions").

## Sound Instructions

The low-level music API exposed in JavaScript revolves around sound "instructions".

A sound instruction is a series of bytes stored in a `Buffer` with the following format:

Field           | Bits
----------------|------
waveform        | 8
unused          | 8
frequency (hz)  | 16
duration (ms)   | 16
start volume    | 16
end volume      | 16

Volume is a scalar value that ranges from 0 to 1024. The available values for waveform include:

> Waveform        | Value

Reviewer: maybe move the table in the previous section and say "see above" here? I suspect most people won't be using this buffer stuff

----------------|-------
triangle        | 1
sawtooth        | 2
sine            | 3

> noise           | 4

Reviewer: The `noise` is rather deterministic and gives a weird metallic sound. We should probably call it something else and think how to do a real noise...

Author: Any suggestions?

Reviewer 2: "tinsel"

square (10%)    | 11
square (20%)    | 12
square (30%)    | 13
square (40%)    | 14
square (50%)    | 15

To play a sound buffer, use the `music.playInstructions()` API. Buffers can contain
multiple instructions one after the other, so a single "effect" or "melody" should be
constructed in a single Buffer.

To create a `Buffer`, you can use the `control.createBuffer()` API.

### Channels

The arcade "hardware" has five available music "channels" that are mixed to produce
the game audio. Using the `music.playInstructions()` API will automatically allocate
a channel to play the instruction and that channel will be occupied until the sound
is completed. Attempting to play too many sounds simultaneously will cause some sounds
to be dropped if all channels are currently busy.

### Hex buffers

If your music or sounds are mostly static (i.e. not created at runtime), you can save
memory by storing them in `hex` buffers. These buffers are compiled into the "binary"

> by the MakeCode compiler. You can create them using this tagged template literal syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the MakeCode compiler. 
Note that there is currently no way to play sound samples - the buffers below would only apply to the `playInstructions` format described above.
You can create static buffers using this tagged template literal syntax:
```

# Music and Sounds

## Melodies

The high level music API in arcade uses a syntax for creating melodies from
sequences of notes. Melodies are authored using the `music.Melody` class
in arcade which encodes them in a string syntax. For some example melodies,
see the [mixer package](https://github.com/Microsoft/pxt-common-packages/blob/master/libs/mixer/melody.ts#L387).

> 

Reviewer 2: The high-level music API in arcade creates and processes melodies as a sequence of notes following a syntax form for each note. The melodies are authored using the `music.Melody` class in arcade which encodes them into a string with this syntax. For some examples of formatted melodies, see the [mixer extension/package](https://github.com/Microsoft/pxt-common-packages/blob/master/libs/mixer/melody.ts#L387).

Melodies are constructed with a series of commands outlined below.

### Command: play note

To play a note:
```
[ABCDEFG] (\d+)  (:\d+)  (-\d+)
note      octave length  tempo
```

The octave, length, and tempo are all optional parameters. Here are some examples:

* `A5:2-120` (play note `A` in octave `5` for `2` beats and set the tempo to `120` bpm)
* `C` (play note `C` for one beat at the current tempo)
* `g5:1` (play note `G` in octave `5` for `1` beat at the current tempo)

### Command: rest

To rest:
```
[R] (:\d+)
```
For example:

* `R` (rest for `1` beat at current tempo)
* `R:3` (rest for `3` beats at current tempo)

### Command: play tone

To play a frequency for a duration in ms:
```
!\d+,\d+
```

For example:
* `!262,500` (play frequency `262` Hz for `500` ms)

### Command: set envelope

To set the ADSR envelope for the played sounds:
```
@\d+,\d+,\d+,\d+
```

> Where the numbers are:

Reviewer 2: "Where the 4 values indicate:"

This `\d+` notation is confusing to me. Maybe this is something I don't know about ("decimal, > 0")?...Ah, wait, JS string formatting.

sine            | 3
metallic        | 4
square (10%)    | 11
square (20%)    | 12
square (30%)    | 13
square (40%)    | 14
square (50%)    | 15

The `metallic` tone contains a pseudo-random sample, which doesn't quite sound like white noise.

## Sound Instructions

The low-level music API exposed in JavaScript revolves around sound "instructions".

A sound instruction is a series of bytes stored in a `Buffer` with the following format:

Field           | Bits
----------------|------
waveform        | 8
unused          | 8
frequency (hz)  | 16
duration (ms)   | 16
start volume    | 16
end volume      | 16

Volume is a scalar value that ranges from 0 to 1024. See the table in previous section for
the available values for waveform.

To play a sound buffer, use the `music.playInstructions()` API. Buffers can contain
multiple instructions one after the other, so a single "effect" or "melody" should be
constructed in a single Buffer.

To create a `Buffer`, you can use the `control.createBuffer()` API.

### Channels

The arcade "hardware" has five available music "channels" that are mixed to produce
the game audio. Using the `music.playInstructions()` API will automatically allocate

> a channel to play the instruction and that channel will be occupied until the sound

Reviewer 2: ...that channel remains occupied until the sound play completes.

is completed. Attempting to play too many sounds simultaneously will cause some sounds
to be dropped if all channels are currently busy.

### Hex buffers

If your music or sounds are mostly static (i.e. not created at runtime), you can save
memory by storing them in `hex` buffers. These buffers are compiled into the "binary"
by the MakeCode compiler. 

> Note that there is currently no way to play sound samples - the buffers below would only apply to the `playInstructions` format described above.

Reviewer 2: What are the "buffers below"? The example for `mySound`?
